>> Scott Moss: All right, so
let's hop right into the Schemas and
then we'll start writing some code.
So the first thing we wanna do is
when we create a GraphQL server,
is we need to create a schema.
So I talked about it a little bit but
a schema you have to create what's called
a type definitions and you go from there.
And the way we do that is we use something
called a Schema Definition Language, or
SDL for short.
It'a basically, I think when people
think of GraphQL, they think of this.
When they say I'm using GraphQL,
I'm writing GraphQL,
what they're are actually
thinking about the language.
So the actual syntax that you use to
write GraphQL, this is what it is.
It's called
the Schema Definition Language,
so we're gonna be using
that to create a schema.
You can also programmatically create a
schema using like the language constructs.
So recently JavaScript,
there's a GraphQL JavaScript library that
allows you to actually use objects and
functions to create schemas.
That's how it used to be
when GraphQL first came out.
The community kinda moved away from that
and they use Schema Definition Language,
which is more declarative.
But if you're going to be doing
dynamic GraphQL queries or
GraphQL Schemas on the fly,
and really advanced things.
You're probably gonna know how to do the
programmatic approach of using JavaScript
or Ruby or whatever your language is.
To create a schema versus concatenating
strings together, which is really hard.
I've done both, and concatenating strings
together is way worse than just using
functions, so that's that.
So now what we're gonna do is,
we're gonna use the Schema Definition
Language to create some Schemas.
So I just wanna talk about
some of the base parts,
and then we'll hop right into it.
So some of the basic parts of a Schema,
we have Types, and
Types are constructs defining
a shape with fields.
So again, these are very much the same
thing as types as you would have in like
a type-safe language.
Fields are literally keys on those
Types that describe what type of
value they can have.
Scalars are a primitive type of
value built into GraphQL, and
there's different types of scalars and
we're gonna go over those.
And than you have Queries and
Mutations and
those are specific types that
GraphQL expects you to create.
Queries allow you to get data,
Mutation allow you to create data.
And those are basically the basic
parts of creating a schema.